Add an Ibexa Cloud hub page (#2390)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/ibexa_cloud/ibexa_cloud.md

---
description: Host your Ibexa projects on the cloud.
page_type: landing_page
---

# Ibexa Cloud

> Ibexa Cloud is a cloud hosting platform based on Platform.sh and Git.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ibexa Cloud is a cloud hosting platform that enables you to host your application in the cloud using the Platform.sh service.
```

> # Ibexa Cloud
> 
> Ibexa Cloud is a cloud hosting platform that enables you to host your application in the cloud using the Platform.sh service.

Author: ```suggestion
# [[= product_name_cloud =]]

[[= product_name_cloud =]] is a cloud hosting platform that enables you to host your application in the cloud using the Platform.sh service.
```

[[= cards([
"ibexa_cloud/ibexa_cloud_guide",
"ibexa_cloud/install_on_ibexa_cloud",
"ibexa_cloud/ddev_and_ibexa_cloud",

> ], columns=4) =]]

Author: It seems to not change anything but for the sake of it.
```suggestion
], columns=3) =]]
```
